Now let's take what we learned in the last lectures one step further What if we want to apply a default
style from inside our component but only if some condition is true on our custom element.
Let me give you an example let's say on this first tooltip here we added a class we might have done
this right from the start when you wrote our HMO document or maybe we did this programmatically when
our app runs a user clicks a button and we add a class to this element as we can do it with any HD him
element.
The class here is maybe important.
The name does not matter.
Let's say we added the important CSX class to our custom element.
Now we only want to set a background color on our custom element.
If that important class was set now what you can't do is you can't say colon host dot important.
This might be something you would think that we're X because that is how you'd normally combine multiple
selectors together in one rule if they all have to match simultaneously.
But here if we reload does actually has no effect.
As you can see on our custom element we now don't have any styling from inside our web component.
So this does not work.
Instead colon host is also used as a function.
If you have some condition for it so you then simply wrap your condition so the other C S S selectors.
That should be matching on your host element.
So on your custom tag and you add all these required selectors to the required conditions in parentheses
here and you can't have anything in there you can't have an attribute selector endure a class selector
as we have it here an I.D. selector any kind of combinations.
Now with this syntax with host with the condition of also having the important class.
Now with that we get back this great background but only on the first web component here not on our
second one because we now required the presence of this important class and this is simply not the case
on this second component on the first one it is.
And in this style inspector here we indeed see this is responsible for setting this great background
and this is our host rule with the condition of also having the important C assess class on our custom
element.
So that is another very important very end of host that allows us to style things with way more flexibility.